I'm Jane Scott and I'm president of the
Friends group firm for the Cape to Cape
track the Cape decay track it's a
hundred and thirty five kilometres
between Cape naturalist and Cape lewin
it's got a lighthouse at either end
which makes it a very definable track
runs mostly down the coast beautiful
cliff top scenery interspersed with
little inland loops lovely wildflowers
beautiful forests lovely sandy beaches
which are really meditative to walk
along most people would do it in six or
seven days people will take ten days and
just really relax along the track as
well in the summer that's great you can
swim along the way but it's still a
quite a wild walk in parks and the last
day especially if you walk from Hammond
Bay or from cozy corner to Kay blue and
night house it's quite a hard slog a lot
more of a challenge than most people are
expecting
I'm Glen Wilmot died my senior angel
down here so Kanto is my favorite spot
along the lower natural ostrich
basically because of the height above
the sea level and the the sheer drop of
the cliffs in different times of the
days you get your different views
because you've got the different colors
the limestone cliffs Turner sort of
shade of pinky orange in the evenings
when the Sun sort of reflects off it but
also the fact that it's quite a wild
part of the coastline as well as the
indian ocean swells are pretty much
hitting the conchos and and the granite
rocks at full pace and that full roar
Nurse Aides
yeah pretty amazing spot
Blair da ville' and with the motor of a
Surfrider Foundation and we've adopted a
section of the caped tape track from
what we call Ellen's Brooke which is an
area where the first settlers came to
the area up to a surf break called
left-handers and it's about six
kilometers section of track I guess part
of the benefits personally of looking
after the section is that you get a
sense of belonging because you've you've
worked on it on the land here and try to
improve that I guess the more natural
aspects of it you feel like you're a
part of it in a way and that you're
giving back to it as well as a surfer
you know the environment is our
playground we've put in about 1,500 or
so a coastal variety of plants here
we've used a pretty recently new method
of coastal type planting called deep
June planting reformer and I helped with
the production of printed material for
Cape decay Publishing doing the track
guide and various other walking guides
and the flower guides for the lure
naturalist National Park area
if protective tag track was in Europe
but instead of being a little goat
tracker did have to be five meters wide
fully paved probably traffic police to
control the crowds going down it and yet
here we have this one person why attract
quite often and if you meet more than
ten people a day it's a really busy day
on the track
it's a well-kept secret
I'm Andrew Gregory and I'm here on
assignment for Australian Geographic in
Australia's southwest on the Cape -
cakewalk
I've spent a couple of weeks
covering the Kate - Kate walk which is
hundred and thirty five kilometre walk
from Kate naturalistic a balloon and the
scenery is stunning it's a
photographer's dream there's just
absolutely hundreds and hundreds of
little coves and angles and places to
photograph
surrounded by like it
suggestive evidence it's just gonna be
on his bat on his head he's gonna pick
that cat again shop
you